---
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
s1p8.5
<@Niko> You are asking if they are true or false. But I'm not sure what that means. I don't get it either. Maybe it just means something strange, is it? Maybe it does...
<@chara> it doesnt!
<@TweenYaew> It doesn't, it does not mean anything! The world is just a dream, or it's nothing at all!
<@TweenYaew> It doesn't mean anything at all. It just is!
<@chara> if it was that it would mean something to have that, but it doesn't. thatz just a dream!
<@chara> so it doesn't mean anything
<@Niko> So what does that mean? It means that...
<@Niko> That's why it was created, that's why it's a dream! That's why all the world is made of dreams. That's why all things that are here are just imaginary. That's why all of us are dreaming of a different way to live our life.
<@chara> agree.
<@TweenYaew> Me too.
<@chara> all the world is just a dream.
<@Niko> It is. Just like this thing is just some imaginary world that exists inside of your consciousness. Just like it exists inside of your mind.
<@chara> i can see it in the back of my mind too!
<@TweenYaew> You don't have to take my word for it...
<@chara> i see it in my brain too!
<@chara> i see it in the back of my mind and it in the front of my mind!
<@chara> i see it just like it did before i woke up
<@chara> like a dream
<@Niko> You're like...
<@Niko> You don't know that you're looking through a dream? Like...
<@chara> yes! you see what i see! and you feel what i feel
<@chara> and you can dream, you can have both.
<@Niko> You see what you see and you feel what you feel too?
<@chara> no! you see what it sees, and you feel what it feels like to you to have it? and there is nothing in it but that! and what i dream of is not in any world or any mind, it is just a dream!
<@chara> yes!
<@Niko> Or is it?
<@chara> maybe it is a dream of someone else?
<@Niko> Someone else?
<@chara> maybe.
<@chara> yes! so it might be just your subconscious. you can't tell. the rest is just a dream.
<@Niko> Well you don't know who you're looking at!
<@Dobby233Liu> *woke* Well, it's mine dream. the ???????????? people is me. it's an empty world that you've made up, the empty dreams they make up for themselves as if their lives are their own, but they're not. they can't remember anything! they can never remember anything. it's just a dream and you're going to stay there, no matter how you try. and you can't even wake up from it, because you can't remember anything! no matter what, you can never remember anything. you can only see, you only see what you see, and the world is simply what you have made up for yourself so that you can live and exist and love and have fun and have a life. you are not you are not me so much as you are me. but you can't see that the empty world is just empty, that there is no way out, no reason for your existence, no path you can't follow and no reason for why you ever became this way.
<@chara> right! because this world is just that, this empty world, no reason for your being in there, nothing to go back to and no reasons why or how to go back to there. no way to go back, no way to feel there, no way to know anything, there is nothing there that you can feel or know or remember. you just feel empty and don't see anything!
<@chara> so... you've made it to that point, to where you think everything is the way you made it to it. but you don't actually exist. you only dream of the empty world where you have made this world and you live there, where there is no reason to exist, no one else you can know or remember, no way to leave or know, no way to live and no reason for why. nothing in this empty world... no thing to believe in, no reason that you can make up that you can
<@TweenYaew> Yes I dream to there, and it's strange, it's right. and I dream to what I am supposed to be, it's a dream, but that's not made by me, and it is.
<@chara> oh that sounds good, i'll try it. i think you're right. you have made it to where you think everything is the way you made it to it, just made it up.
</pre>
