---
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
<@dobby233liu> iam shit in nutshel
<@Niko> No you're not! Believe in yourself!
<@dobby233liu> ok boomer. what can i do now then?
<@Niko> I guess sit down and make some messy OneShot references?
<@dobby233liu> that's pretty easy to do!
<@Niko> I object for your statement.
<@Niko> ...Well, it's somehow easy tho.
<@Niko> Put a lightblub there, and wait for seconds. Profit!
<@Niko> Oh, I can't do that.
<@Niko> I'm not going to use that anyway, but you will.
<@Niko> I don't know why I didn't do it sooner. But I need something for that.
<@Niko> It would be nice to make a lightblub.
<@Niko> I dunno?
<@Niko> I mean, I've always done it.
<@Niko> But now. It's kinda messy and kinda hard to put it on.
<@Niko> It'd help. I can get something, right?
<@Niko> Like some wood, and the "Sun".
<@Niko> Oh, I'm going to get something.
<@Niko> Well.
<@Niko> That means...wait for one moment (shot).
Niko got a nasty controller...
<@Dobby233Liu> Why you take it there?
<@Niko> Y'know. The intro.
Somebody builds the "Remember" scene.
<@Niko> So, place it here...!
Niko is going to use a weird controller.
<@Niko> Oh!
<@Niko> ...Ah.
Niko got an electric guitar.
<@Niko> Oh, that's nice.
Niko got an electric piano.
<@Niko> Oh.
<@Niko> Aaaaa......
<@Niko> What do you mean?
<@Niko> I'll make some kind of music.
<@Niko> I'll use a strange instrument like the electric guitar and that will probably...be a bit too...
<@Niko> ...You know. Playing weird music for that scene.
<@Niko> Okay. That's nice.
<@Niko> I'll play "paino" music.
<@Niko> I think...
<@Niko> I will "write" the "paino" music.
Niko got a guitar with keys.
<@Niko> Oh. Thatz amazing.
(Here's Niko messing with the scene)
---
[a player waked up in the scene]
[but why he's here? nobody wants to know]
(player): Oh, for today's Let's Play, I'll play... OneShot?!
(player): OwO what's this? bonus chapter i guess?
???????: OneShot is just the name, and what you got last time is just an ending for the story.
<@Niko> Ah.
<@Niko> I'm sure there are lots of guitar songs that i can think of!
<@Niko> But...
<@Niko> I mean, we're not gonna do it right now...
<@dobby233liu> i had no idea who that was, but I have found out that it's an player.
<@dobby233liu> My minds rusty, is that what you guys call yourself?
<@Niko> ...
[player] oh...oh wow. two Nikos and Frisk with Chara!!! Is this a joke?! Haven't seen this from anywhere!
Niko w/ player: What are you doing?
<@Niko> I-
Niko w/ player: You're going to play your guitar, huh?
<@Dobby233Liu> That's funny, how do you get it
(guitar noises)
Niko w/ player: time to wake up in this dark neSsSssSs
<@Niko> Well, I "built" a world machine.
Niko w/ player: But how? Is this a joke? It's not even in the scr- I mean, you're not The Author.
<@Niko> idk
Niko w/ player: So I'm just gonna sleep forever now...?!?!!!
<@Niko> Welp, I sleep like...
(ui-taru noise)
<@Niko> ...
(fx noises)
<@Niko> ...
<@Niko> ...wait what?
<@Niko> it is...
(ui-taru noises)
Niko w/ player: What are you playing?
<@Niko> no, i'm just making a world machine.
Niko w/ player: Seriously? What kind of instrument are you playing?
<@Niko> "This crossover should be very random." Get it?
<@Niko> And, well, I'm just playing some strange musical instruments.
[player] Be serious, what are this rip off doing???
<@Niko> Ye. Well, i'm making something.
<@Niko> oh dear i'm messed up. Bad player
?????????: we're now fucking done with this gibberish. I give up
*Scene suddenly ends*
---
<@Dobby233Liu> i am done now! let's end it with a out-of-control BS.
---
[2.0] The Player's Dream
<@Niko> oh my!
Niko w/ player: *smile*
Niko w/ player: No!
<@Niko> i'm...
Niko w/ player: *laugh*
Niko w/ player: I am doing really well.
Niko w/ player: I am doing really bad.
<@Niko> oh my god!
Niko w/ player: *smile, sad then plain* ok ok. that's better
<@Niko> i sleep in a strange room that is just like a place, but who are you...
Niko w/ player: It's a nice place...
Niko w/ player: It's a bad place...
The Player's Dream!
The Player's Dream!!!
Niko w/ player: I am so happy!
Niko w/ player: No you are not happy!
Niko w/ player: That's so bad!
Niko w/ player: That's so good!
Niko w/ player: *chaos* stop stop stop no stop no stop stop no stop nono stop no.....
*GLASS BREAK SOUND 100% FREE VIRUS FREE FOR WINDOWS 10 FREE DOWNLOAD glass.mp3.mp3.ogg*
<@Dobby233Liu> fuck-
?????????: wait wrong auth
?????????: fuck this help_shit you fucking waking up man
*boom, scene end*
</pre>
