---
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
s1p8.7
i think you should try going back and taking that place and then make it real, like you just made it up and now you feel that you have to make it real.
<@chara> okay. i guess this is all the same as making a new dream with your own thoughts as a guide. and if your thoughts are just a dream, then what is it, why does it exist? and if it is real, then what is this thing?
<@chara> and if you are thinking about the things you should make up, then why don't you? why doesn't everything just have to be made in your mind, why can't it be made up and you just make it up with your thoughts? then you can find whatever you need to find...
<@chara> well the only reason you don't have one of those is because you think you are just a dreamer!
<@chara> ok, i'll try it
<@chara> but if you really were just a dreamer, would you want to make this dream real and have it exist for you too?
<@chara> no! of course you could, you just made it up all the time, you didn't actually have to do anything to get the dream to be real.
<@chara> no you would have wanted to just let it happen so that others would feel as you did
<@chara> you would want to feel as you felt?
<@TweenYaew> And this dream was made up of your thoughts.
<@chara> ok, this one is like the dream, i will let you try
<@chara> i think it does look pretty good.
<@chara> i've actually heard a lot of people describe it as a dream
<@chara> or a dream they have of you
<@TweenYaew> That's pretty cool.
<@TweenYaew> It's something you have to do for yourself.
<@chara> ok, i'll see what I can do.
<@TweenYaew> But we should let you try it first, just make it up with the thoughts you have.
<@TweenYaew> Well, we have to let you try it first for yourself.
<@TweenYaew> Or if you want, you can say you are the creator in it.
<@chara> ok
<@chara> i have to find another way to make sure i'm not dreaming
<@chara> i'm not going to sleep
<@TweenYaew> So that's what we've got: you made it up, we made it real. Now we can try out this new dream, make it real.
<@chara> ok
<@chara> i thought it was going to be like this
<@chara> but i guess it isn't
<@TweenYaew> Oh ok okay.
<@chara> i thought i was dreaming too, but now i can't sleep!
<@chara> i'm getting up, but i can't find my phone!
<@chara> why, why do i need to sleep?
<@TweenYaew> Well, you do want to get up, but it isn't easy to do. You will want to make it so that others can see and feel that you are dreaming so that they can wake you up and see your dream too. But, as you can see, you won't need to be asleep to wake up. Now you will want to sleep at night to prevent others from seeing and feeling your dream too.
<@TweenYaew> So, let's talk about a little bit more.
---
<@chara> is this really happening?
<@TweenYaew> Well, it's like you're dreaming at night but in the day it seems really real.
<@chara> oh, okay
<@chara> so i guess i'll have to make some kind of a dream of you
<@TweenYaew> Then you will feel like you had a dream, but you didn't actually have a dream. Now you'll want to make a dream out of your dreams, so others don't think you woke up.
<@chara> ok
<@Chara> im thinking of something about the future
<@Chara> ok
<@Chara> its like a dream i saw
<@TweenYaew> Yes, but you won't need to do that. And you won't have to use imagination to dream. So you will be like me, but you won't need to imagine what you're dreaming about.
<@Chara> yeah
<@Chara> its hard if i just think about it in my head and make it up
* after awhile, @chara sleeps *
</pre>
