---
title: "s1 p4"
layout: textmode
---
<pre>

<@TweenYaew> Did you took a look at the video? Don't say anything if you didn't watch it. he's not cheating, he's just having PVP fun
<@TwelveZero> Agree
<@FlingyBlock33> But, yes I've looked at them. I think it's obvious that they aren't from him but I'm not saying anything about it.
<@Tweldee> I don't agree with you. I mean I don't agree with what he said on reddit... but, yeah, the video doesn't say it, but from my experience, I believe it's not from him. I'm just saying I didn't see it either. He probably has more PVPs than us.
<@Tj_K> So, I don't see it, but why would a guy do this?
<@Tweldee> It's the reason why people say he's from us
<@TwinkleJedi> It's not true, if you look at the video you'll see what I mean
<@tj_k> And, I think if we could prove it it would help us, because if you were to go in there, say that he has PVPs, and you're saying he's from us... I guess he's a guy from us, that's not a thing.
<@TwinkleJedi> If it is...
<@Tweldo> I can't explain it, you can do it, or else we won't believe you. If it's true we believe him, and we should trust him.
It seems to me if this was just PVPs from him then it's not a lie. If he can prove it and we're not telling you about it, then I'm not saying anything. But if there's no PVPs but it's from him then I feel this is a lie. If PVPs from him, and there's no PVPs from him, so he's just from us, and we're going to say that he's from us, then yes I think this is a lie. If there's PVP, then why would he say he's from us?
<@Tweldee> The fact we have a big PVP system and he says he's from us and then it's just him having PVP fun is true
I'm sorry guys, but my main problem here is how I feel about a man who's like this in our country. I'm just not really sure, so I can't really say anything here. I just just hope everyone can have a normal and nice life and not get in trouble or that he won't get in trouble with us.
I think this is the best answer here.
</pre>
