---
title: "s1 p2"
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
<@blockbust> just to say not in Minecraft itz SurvialCraft
<@Jumper01> 0kay nevermind
<@Chara> But it seems kinda random that a lot of these people just use the word "minecraft" and not "Minecraft"
<@Jumper01> it's not like Minecraft is a game that requires a lot of knowledge of mechanics or anything
<@Chara> And you're just saying people are using the word "Minecraft" when really it's all "Minecraft" in the sense that there's only a few of them
<@Chara> The Minecraft word isn't a thing, the term comes from a game that isn't Minecraft
<@chara> But it seems kinda random that a lot of these people just use the word "minecraft"
<@Chara> So you don't see any people saying "minecraft is a game" or "minecraft is a word"
<@chara> That's the kind of language you see in other games
<@Chara> Like "Starcraft"
<@jumper01> i agree, i think people just don't see a problem with saying it's "minecraft" and not "Minecraft", it's more just it's a word or a phrase that is used in other games (as in the fact the phrase "Minecraft" is used in the same way in every other game)
<@Chara> I mean, it's not like Minecraft is a game that requires a lot of knowledge of mechanics or anything
<@Chara> So you don't see any people saying "minecraft is a game" or "minecraft is a word"
<@Jumper01> i disagree, but that sounds like you just want more people to stop using it, even though the majority of the time it is used as a word or phrase
<@Chara> You could say "I love Minecraft", "I love game, you are all a bit of nerds", "I love my hobby" but you don't get that many people using that kind of language to call things a game
<@chara> The word "Minecraft" is used more in the context of games where there are a few of people using them in a similar manner as the people who call it "Minecraft". The term "minecraft" is used more in the context of a game where there are multiple people using it that are playing different games that share a similar way of playing them, and it's more common in the context of a games with lots of players sharing games and making a game that can be shared between lots of groups.
<@Chara> I don't hear that kind of language in your games and I think that would make them less likely to find a good reason for using it.
<@Chara> I'd say games like those that you make and where players are very interested in the story, or games like those that are like you're making which are just about making a game
<@Chara> I think you'd be a better leader if you just said that people use "Minecraft" as a non-word that is used only in gaming, and just used as a term that is used in a similar way
<@Chara> But you still can't say any of those
<@Chara> So if I make a game, I don't say "this is my game"; I want everyone to be able to play it, because it's my game. I want them to enjoy it, because they like the stories behind it.
<@chara> I don't know what you mean by "it's my game"
<@chara> I don't get a lot of those people who are interested in the story behind the games in my games
<@chara> I don't get those who are interested in making a game that they can share to other people, because
<@blockbust> OK shut up. in many cases Minecraft is game. And should not talk here, plz pick this topic in PM.  Warned.
<@chara> I can't think of any games where you make a game without discussing the story of it. in fact you would only find a very small number of people who play the games, and you know a lot of gaming companies have their own stories behind them.
<@chara> I don't know if you mean to say it's the only reason you made the game, but people just play Minecraft and play Minecraft in the context of a game.
<@Chara> But what do you mean "the game"?
<@chara> I don't know what else you meant.
<@Blockbust> I mean Minecraft is game
<@Chara> What did you mean with "the game"
<@Blockbust> I mean the game is about making it. It isn't about telling a story.
<@chara> I
<@chara is banned in 1 days because of spam>
<@blockbust> Please don't be noisy, talk in PM.
---
<h2>s1 p2.5</h2>
s1p2.5
<@chara> i know that a lot of people are making up their own terms for things like "survivalcraft", but it's still kind of confusing as hell for me
<@chara> it should be "sheltercraft" but i think i can figure out how to call it that on my own (or at least make a link)
<@chara> there should be a word for "survival" or something
<@chara> for example for the first survival game i ever played,
<@chara> there is a word for survival in one of the books i read there (and i guess i should add here too)
<@chara> survivalcraft is survival in your house or something
<@chara> if you want to know, it is called "survivalcraft"
<@chara> i'm not sure, i'm looking. i'm playing with a bunch of friends and we use the term "me too" and "we too too"
<@chara> that's not the only game thats called survivalcraft that i've ever played
<@chara> it seems like some people just call it like that
<@chara> i think i can do it myself :D
<@blockbust> i agree, you could call survivalcraft survival as long as you don't actually play it (like we just did for the first time, and i'm thinking how to play it as a newbie, not a professional player)
<@chara> you could also be saying "me too" and "we" too, if we can make a link
<@chara> it'll be different though
<@chara> I don't think you would have to call it "sheltecraft"
<@chara> if you just play Minecraft for a week i think it would be nice
<@chara> I could say "me too" instead of "we" too
<@chara> i mean, i know this might not be the smartest thing to do but
<@chara> if i want to play the game
<@chara> that would still be a lot more fun
<@chara> i guess that was kind of the thing i got from the other thread
<@chara> and I can see that some would like it more but
<@blockbust> that's fine, just have a link for everything you need when you join a server (in fact, I did that for the first time before I joined minecraft)
<@chara> and that way you can just say "we" too, even if its in a different thread or whatever
<@chara> that's how it started anyways
<@chara> i mean, if we want to be friends i'm going to try it first, because it's a little too confusing.
<@chara> but anyway
<@chara> i think if anyone wants to make a link for a survival game (if they're actually serious about it), just let me know and we'll see :D
<@chara> well, you're in luck. i'm looking.
<@chara> if you can make me one i will send you a link
<@chara> I'm sure I can make it for you
<@blockbust> we're in the server chat room now, and we're discussing what we should be saying now, and what's been said in the thread for a while.
<@blockbust> we want to talk about things that we can agree on :D
<@blockbust> so let's talk about the first survival game
<@blocksbust> and what's been said in the previous thread about that.
<@blockspaint> and that it's kinda lame/obnoxious but
<@blockbust> like what is the main difference?
<@blockspaint> i mean
<@chara> it's not like we're actually friends, or even friends with the game
<@chara> like, we're not even players
<@chara> we've actually been friends since the very start (we played together in the old servers )
<@chara> so i'm saying "hey, we're friends too"
<@chara> because we haven't played together, we've been in the same groups (as well as in the old server group)
(I don't know, if this is the case)
<@chara> and the reason we're friends is because of the other games in the same genre
<@chara> we've been talking about things i never played before, but i wanted to ask a few questions
<@chara> how can we talk about survival games (or the things that we can agree on about them, like things like that) without starting a new game
<@chara> like "hey i wanna make a game like this"
<@chara> so let's talk about it now
<@chara> we're all here in the server chat room
<@chara> we're talking about the things we agree on
</pre>
