---
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
s1p8.25
<@chara> i feel like i got this world that i dont really understand and its strange
<@chara> the weird thing is that this wind is so strong, it seems like the wind is in my ears and eyes. like i can feel it, but i cant hear it! like i can hear it, but i amnt able to feel it. So when a wind blows, the wind isnt in the ears... When i move my ears, the power isnt to my ears. But when i move my eyes, the power isnt in my eyes... So im trying to tell what is that noise? like this.
<@chara> iam scared of this noise, because im not sure if i really am on the wind or not
<@chara> i just keep trying to understand
<@chara> but i can dont hear it!
<@chara> but the power isnt in my ears
<@chara> and I cannt see anything...
<@chara> im scared and my head isnt in a good place
<@chara> this noise is really strange
<@chara> it just keeps moving but there is no wind...
<@chara> i cant feel anything....
<@chara> im not on the wind so im trying to do something
<@Chara> and like i'm not on the wind
<@Chara> im not on wind, i can feel nothing but wind
<@Chara> i amnt sure where that noise is coming from but my vision is blurry and everything is very blurry so i cant see anything at all
<@chara> but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this noise is a very strong wind...
<@chara> i dont know what is that noise
<@Chara> but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this wind is very powerful, its like a tornado
<@Chara> i dont want to see it, but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this is just a strong strong strong wind
<@Niko> So, it seems like a wrong world, @chara?
<@Niko> I feel like I am in my own world too... Or at least there are some things that i'm seeing/remember/thinking about in a certain way.
<@Niko> And now, you are trying to make sense out of that strange world.
<@Niko> You seem to be very much interested in the strange world.
<@Niko> It seems that you are trying to make sense out of all this!
<@Niko> You seem to be really curious!
<@Niko> You seem to really want to understand the strange world!
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand this crazy world!!!!!!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking all of this!!
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand it all!!!!!
<@Niko> @chara you are so interested that you are trying to comprehend it!!
<@TweenYaew> It explains this. I'm interested too, we're all curious. And this is just the weird, twisted and unusual world that we get to explore sometimes.
<@TweenYaew> It's interesting that sometimes we don't understand why.
<@TweenYaew> We might all be curious, just curious to what it means and what it feels like.
<@TweenYaew> We're all asking for answers.
<@TweenYaew> We're all wondering how to answer. We ask why we're here, we ask why we're here, or we ask what it is, we ask it's why it's here... We ask what it feels like to be here too.
<@TweenYaew> We're asking what it feels like to be here too. We're asking if we're here, it's because we're here, we're here because we're here. It feels like a strange, weird place.
<@Niko> Seem like create a new world is better... But for now we'll sit in this darkness and talk.
<@Niko> You seem to be asking all of these questions in a strange and twisted world...
<@Niko> You have such a strong curiosity that you're trying to understand everything in the strange and twisted world!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking if they are true or false. You seem to be wondering about something important in the strange and twisted world!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking how this world works! You seem to be trying to understand it.
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand if it's real, or if it's a fake. You seem to be curious about all this.
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand everything in this strange and twisted world!
<@chara & @TweenYaew> Yeah.
<@Niko> You're asking so that you can learn more. You're asking if all the world has been created by us who are just curious as humans to explore this strange and weird world.
</pre>
