---
layout: textmode
---
<pre>
<@chara> well i have to ask, is this real
<@Niko> Nobody knows.
<@chara> so someone can hop in randomly?
<@Niko> Yeah. This world is random, so everything might happen.
<@chara> wdym
<@Niko> Oh, like this one.
<@TweenYaew> *looking at @Niko and @chara* Sorry, I'm visiting for a while.
<@chara> ok ok. this world is weird, so be careful, you might get cold any time
<@TweenYaew> That makes sense, because this world is a little dark and windy.
<@Niko> But why I can't feel wind...
<@chara> i don't know how to feel wind, just like you
<@chara> but why
<@Niko> I don't really know too.
<@chara> like, if you try to touch the world and see it is windy or dark...
<@chara> then you could get cold too
<@chara> like, the cold part is not that bad if you are cold
<@chara> but if you are not really cold you will get really cold or it will get cold
<@chara> like it is, the cold part is not too bad.
<@chara> but i cant feel wind when i'm cold
<@chara> it is a little worse when i'm warm
<@chara> like this.
<@chara> oh ok ok.. it is not windy or light at all, it is just windy.
<@chara> but if you touch it and feel it cold then it is windy
<@chara> and i can feel it
<@chara> like this
<@chara> I think this is true
<@Niko> The world is random, not some place that knows you can get cold, not some random place that knows you can get cold, but the world itself.
<@chara> i think I should go on there
<@Niko> I think we are in some nonexist place.
<@chara> like?
<@Niko> In other worlds we can touch the land, we can touch the earth and it will get cold. But this world is not a place like that.
<@TweenYaew> I think so, it's messy.
<@chara> but what about the world?
<@chara> i really don't know how to feel wind or weather...
<@chara> it looks kind of weird to me.
<@TweenYaew> This is the weird part.
<@TweenYaew> Like.. the world looks like it was cut up
<@chara> and i feel like I am in the middle or something... But I don't understand.
<@chara> i feel like I am a random character, like I am in this random world where I touch land, like there is no wind in this random world, so i feel like im in the middle of this random world where this random thing is happening. I don't understand why. It looks very weird, and i can sense wind in the sky, and the wind in the sky seems like it moves like in the windy part...
<????????> Well, this world is randomly generated, so it can look messy and weird.
<@chara> but i don't understand i feel like i have my own world where this random thing is happening here, but it is not this random thing, it is just like me. like this
<@chara> the wind is really light, i can feel it in the air, like this.
<@chara> i can feel it in my eyes, my ears and like my nose. I know it is my own world, but this is not my world, it is a strange place
<@chara> but i can't explain anything so i just feel like this is the weirdest thing.
<@chara> i want to get out from this
<@Chara> i am very afraid of this, i really don't know what to do
<@chara> and i want to get out from this
<@chara> I feel like there is no wind at all, because if there is no wind then i cant feel it anymore
<@chara> and i can't feel the wind. but it keeps moving... It keep moving.
<@chara> and so can I, no matter how far away i go.
<@chara> like it is moving so fast
<@chara> like i cant hear what is that noise?
<@TweenYaew> It's different for me... I can feel time flies, and I can feel power.... I know its weird, so... It is very strange, but it makes me feel like I can have other worlds and worlds from this one, like a dream
<@chara> and that i am in this dream world
<@chara> is strange
<@chara> like i feel like im in my own world
<@chara> the world is strange
<@Chara> the world is very very strange, and im trying to understand it
<@chara> i feel like i got this world that i dont really understand and its strange
<@chara> the weird thing is that this wind is so strong, it seems like the wind is in my ears and eyes. like i can feel it, but i cant hear it! like i can hear it, but i amnt able to feel it. So when a wind blows, the wind isnt in the ears... When i move my ears, the power isnt to my ears. But when i move my eyes, the power isnt in my eyes... So im trying to tell what is that noise? like this.
<@chara> iam scared of this noise, because im not sure if i really am on the wind or not
<@chara> i just keep trying to understand
<@chara> but i just cant unhear it!
<@chara> but the power isnt in my ears
<@chara> and I cannt see anything...
<@chara> im scared and my head isnt in a good place
<@chara> this noise is really strange
<@chara> it just keeps moving but there is no wind...
<@chara> i cant feel anything....
<@chara> im not on the wind so im trying to do something
<@Chara> and like i'm not on the wind
<@Chara> im not on wind, i can feel nothing but wind
<@Chara> i amnt sure where that noise is coming from but my vision is blurry and everything is very blurry so i cant see anything at all
<@chara> but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this noise is a very strong wind...
<@chara> i dont know what is that noise
<@Chara> but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this wind is very powerful, its like a tornado
<@Chara> i dont want to see it, but i cant feel anything
<@Chara> this is just a strong strong strong wind
<@Niko> So, it seems like a wrong world, @chara?
<@Niko> I feel like I am in my own world too... Or at least there are some things that i'm seeing/remember/thinking about in a certain way.
<@Niko> And now, you are trying to make sense out of that strange world.
<@Niko> You seem to be very much interested in the strange world.
<@Niko> It seems that you are trying to make sense out of all this!
<@Niko> You seem to be really curious!
<@Niko> You seem to really want to understand the strange world!
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand this crazy world!!!!!!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking all of this!!
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand it all!!!!!
<@Niko> @chara you are so interested that you are trying to comprehend it!!
<@TweenYaew> It explains this. I'm interested too, we're all curious. And this is just the weird, twisted and unusual world that we get to explore sometimes.
<@TweenYaew> It's interesting that sometimes we don't understand why.
<@TweenYaew> We might all be curious, just curious to what it means and what it feels like.
<@TweenYaew> We're all asking for answers.
<@TweenYaew> We're all wondering how to answer. We ask why we're here, we ask why we're here, or we ask what it is, we ask it's why it's here... We ask what it feels like to be here too.
<@TweenYaew> We're asking what it feels like to be here too. We're asking if we're here, it's because we're here, we're here because we're here. It feels like a strange, weird place.
<@Niko> Seem like create a new world is better... But for now we'll sit in this darkness and talk.
<@Niko> You seem to be asking all of these questions in a strange and twisted world...
<@Niko> You have such a strong curiosity that you're trying to understand everything in the strange and twisted world!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking if they are true or false. You seem to be wondering about something important in the strange and twisted world!
<@Niko> You seem to be asking how this world works! You seem to be trying to understand it.
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand if it's real, or if it's a fake. You seem to be curious about all this.
<@Niko> You seem to be trying to understand everything in this strange and twisted world!
<@chara> ahem
<@TweenYaew> Yeah.
<@Niko> You're asking so that you can learn more. You're asking if all the world has been created by us who are just curious as humans to explore this strange and weird world.i think you should try going back and taking that place and then make it real, like you just made it up and now you feel that you have to make it real.
<@chara> okay. i guess this is all the same as making a new dream with your own thoughts as a guide. and if your thoughts are just a dream, then what is it, why does it exist? and if it is real, then what is this thing?
<@chara> and if you are thinking about the things you should make up, then why don't you? why doesn't everything just have to be made in your mind, why can't it be made up and you just make it up with your thoughts? then you can find whatever you need to find...
<@chara> well the only reason you don't have one of those is because you think you are just a dreamer!
<@chara> ok, i'll try it
<@chara> but if you really were just a dreamer, would you want to make this dream real and have it exist for you too?
<@chara> no! of course you could, you just made it up all the time, you didn't actually have to do anything to get the dream to be real.
<@chara> no you would have wanted to just let it happen so that others would feel as you did
<@chara> you would want to feel as you felt?
<@TweenYaew> And this dream was made up of your thoughts.
<@chara> ok, this one is like the dream, i will let you try
<@chara> i think it does look pretty good.
<@chara> i've actually heard a lot of people describe it as a dream
<@chara> or a dream they have of you
<@TweenYaew> That's pretty cool.
<@TweenYaew> It's something you have to do for yourself.
<@chara> ok, i'll see what I can do.
<@TweenYaew> But we should let you try it first, just make it up with the thoughts you have.
<@TweenYaew> Well, we have to let you try it first for yourself.
<@TweenYaew> Or if you want, you can say you are the creator in it.
<@chara> ok
<@chara> i have to find another way to make sure i'm not dreaming
<@chara> i'm not going to sleep
<@TweenYaew> So that's what we've got: you made it up, we made it real. Now we can try out this new dream, make it real.
<@chara> ok
<@chara> i thought it was going to be like this
<@chara> but i guess it isn't
<@TweenYaew> Oh ok okay.
<@chara> i thought i was dreaming too, but now i can't sleep!
<@chara> i'm getting up, but i can't find my phone!
<@chara> why, why do i need to sleep?
<@TweenYaew> Well, you do want to get up, but it isn't easy to do. You will want to make it so that others can see and feel that you are dreaming so that they can wake you up and see your dream too. But, as you can see, you won't need to be asleep to wake up. Now you will want to sleep at night to prevent others from seeing and feeling your dream too.
<@TweenYaew> So, let's talk about a little bit more.
<@chara> is this really happening?
<@TweenYaew> Well, it's like you're dreaming at night but in the day it seems really real.
<@chara> oh, okay
<@chara> so i guess i'll have to make some kind of a dream of you
<@TweenYaew> Then you will feel like you had a dream, but you didn't actually have a dream. Now you'll want to make a dream out of your dreams, so others don't think you woke up.
<@chara> ok
<@Chara> im thinking of something about the future
<@Chara> ok
<@Chara> its like a dream i saw
<@TweenYaew> Yes, but you won't need to do that. And you won't have to use imagination to dream. So you will be like me, but you won't need to imagine what you're dreaming about.
<@Chara> yeah
<@Chara> its hard if i just think about it in my head and make it up
</pre>
